being born in a vegetarian family made
this woman never eat any meat from the
time of her birth
when she got older she was accidentally
forced to try the delicacy of meat
and this is what happens when a
vegetarian from birth ends up eating
meat justin
a woman who was born in a family that
has practiced strict vegetarianism for
decades
and that makes justin forbidden to eat
any meat from birth
justin recently graduated as a student
at the veterinary university
and now she will be in the campus halls
for the study orientation
and campus introductory programs on her
first day on campus
justin suddenly was approached by a man
named adrian in her room
justin was shocked because she didn't
realize that the man was her roommate
suddenly a group of masked people came
to justin's room
then they told justin and adrian to come
out of her room to gather with other new
students
as it turned out they were all directed
to a secret room in the underground
campus
to participate in a secret party held by
senior students
justin who is an innocent student
doesn't know what to do there
and accidentally she meets her own
sister named alexia who is a senior
student at the campus
long story short after the night of the
party ended
the next day the first day of
orientation was held
the event was opened by the singing of
the seniors then the new students who
were lining up
suddenly splashed with the blood of a
horse that had been killed by their
seniors at the party last night
the orientation was continued by
instructing the new students to eat raw
rabbit kidneys
and spontaneously justin who is a
vegetarian refused to obey her seniors
orders she tried to convince her seniors
that she is a vegetarian
by calling her sister who is also a
member of the senate
however instead of getting a defense
from her sister her sister told her to
keep eating the rabbit kidney
just at that time and finally justin
could only surrender and eat the rabbit
kidney
at night when justin fell asleep she
felt itching all over her body
and after she checked her body there
were lots of red spots all over justin's
body
because of that the next day justin came
to the campus clinic to check her
condition
and the doctor said if justin has
allergies which is most likely caused by
the rabbit kidney she ate yesterday
besides itching justin also said if she
also feels hungry
and feels her stomach is always empty
after eating the rabbit's kidneys
the next day justin and adrian were in
the cafeteria for breakfast
strangely justin who is a vegetarian
secretly stole a meat menu in the
canteen
since then justin began to like meat
moreover she seems to be addicted to
eating meat
however unlike people in general justin
not only likes eating meat that is ripe
but she also really enjoys eating raw
meat
another oddity began to emerge when
justin was summoned by her lecturer
she unconsciously ate her own hair to
the point that she vomited the hairs she
had eaten earlier in the bathroom
the next strange incident arises when
justin's sister wants to shave off the
hair on her younger sister's body
including her miss vs where justin
accidentally cuts off her sister's
finger
due to being hit by the scissors her
sister is holding
and when justin was waiting for help to
come she actually ate her sister's
severed finger
and alexia who had just woken up after
fainting was shocked to see his sister's
strange behavior
justin's sister who had received help
was taken to the hospital
meanwhile in another place justin was
regretting what she had just done
the next day justin and her sister went
to a place on the side of the road
when a car with high speed was passing
alexia suddenly ran into the middle
of the road which made the driver
startled and swerved until the car hit a
tree
the driver and passenger in the car died
and to her surprise
alexia came to the victims not to save
them but to eat the bodies of the
victims from here it is known that in
fact alexia is also the same as justin
where she has an oddity where she is
very obsessed with eating any meat
including human flesh day by day
justin's obsession with meat got worse
to the point that she desperately wanted
to eat human flesh
she really wanted to enjoy adrienne's
meat so much that justin's nose had a
nosebleed
then when justin was forced by her
senior to make out with a male student
the man suddenly screamed in pain and
ran out of the room
as it turned out justin bit the man's
mouth until it was torn
and worse justin brought the torn man's
mouth to the bathroom
while she was washing herself after
finishing the shower
justin immediately made love to adrian
in their room
justin who really wanted to enjoy
adrian's meet
tried to hold her lust by biting her own
hand until it bled
justin's crazy obsession with meek
continues at a party event in the
basement of the campus
where at the party justin looks like an
animal thirsty for meat
and the incident made people start
afraid to get close to justin
justin's sister had the heart to reveal
her own sister's disgrace at the party
so that people on campus became afraid
of justin
justin who was annoyed with her sister
immediately looked for her in the campus
yard
and they both quarreled biting each
other's flesh until they were both
injured
but after that incident they both
immediately reconciled they treated each
other
a trumpet sounded which meant the new
student orientation activity had ended
but justin was still fall asleep in her
room with adrian
when justin was about to wake adrian she
was surprised to see a lot of blood from
adrian's legs
besides that there was blood coming out
of adrian's mouth
which indicated that adrian was no
longer alive
justin thought that she could not
control himself to eat adrienne's meat
at night
but after she walked to the other side
of the room she found her sister who was
sitting playing the playstation
but with a mouthful of blood that means
that it was not justin who caused adrian
to die
but her sister who had eaten adrian to
death
because of her actions justin's sister
was finally imprisoned and justin
who loved her sister had to part with
her sister
after the incident justin was sent home
to her parents house
and was no longer allowed to study at
home
she returned to being a strict
vegetarian who could not eat meat at all
justin's father then said to justin that
what she and her sister did was not
purely the fault of the two of them
because actually justin's mother also
has the same characteristics as both of
them
having a crazy obsession with any meat
until finally she met justin's father
who could fully understand her mother's
condition
as proof her father also showed the
stick marks on his lips
which were caused by her mother in
addition
her father showed scars on his body
which were caused by her own wife's
bites
and this is the end of this film i hope
this film can be a recommendation for a
movie for you to watch
especially for you psychopath themed
movie lovers
don't forget to like share and follow or
subscribe to this channel
so that you continue to get
recommendations for other exciting films